Aspose.PDF for .NET Release Notes 26.5 (#851)
Aspose/releases.aspose.com: content/en/pdf/net/release-notes/2026/aspose-pdf-for-net-26-05-release-notes.md

---
id: "aspose-pdf-for-net-26-5-release-notes"
slug: "aspose-pdf-for-net-26-5-release-notes"
linktitle: "Aspose.PDF for .NET 26.5"
title: "Aspose.PDF for .NET 26.5"
weight: 120
description: "This page contains new Aspose.PDF for .NET features, enhancements, and bug fixes in 2026, version 26.5."
type: "repository"
layout: "release"
family_listing_page_title: "Aspose.PDF for .NET 26.5"
lastmod: "2026-05-15"
sitemap:
  changefreq: "monthly"
  priority: 0.7
---

{{% alert color="primary" %}}

This page contains release notes information for Aspose.PDF for .NET 26.5.

{{% /alert %}}

## Improvements and Changes

### Changes in .NET Framework Package Support

> Starting with Aspose.PDF for .NET 26.5, publication of the `net40` compatibility package, `Aspose.PDF for .NET Framework 4.0 (DLLs only)`, has been resumed. This package was previously discontinued beginning with Aspose.PDF for .NET 26.3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Starting with Aspose.PDF for .NET 26.5, publication of the `net40` compatibility package, `Aspose.PDF for .NET Framework 4.0 (DLLs only)`, has resumed. This package was discontinued starting with Aspose.PDF for .NET 26.3.
```

> The package publication has been restored in response to customer requests for .NET Framework 4.6.2 and .NET Framework 4.7 compatibility, tracked as `PDFNET-62130` and `PDFNET-62139`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package has been republished in response to customer requests for .NET Framework 4.6.2 and .NET Framework 4.7 compatibility, tracked as `PDFNET-62130` and `PDFNET-62139`.
```
